NOTES
-----------------------

Validator for EMA-formatted documents for grading against known EMA templates.
The latest EMA templates can always be obtained from:
http://www.movielabs.com/md/avails/ Archived templates from previous versions
can also be found there as well.

The program itself will ingest a file formatted as either plain text in CSV
format or as an excel-based spreadsheet in XLS or XLSX format. ODF is currently
not supported. This tool has been authored by Sean Canavan and Christopher Kha.

It is currently available via a web interface at
emavalidator.appspot.com for convenience. This command line alternative
is provided as a means of automating the validation of files or to simply
provide a faster and easier solution; albeit more technical.

COMMAND LINE ARGUMENTS
-----------------------

1) Path to the input file to validate. Relatively or fully qualified as
appropriate. This parameter is not optional. There must be input to validate to
proceed.
-inputfile

2) The name of the output file to use for saving results. Relative or fully
qualified as appropriate. This parameter is optional as outputting to a file is
optional. If file output is selected and no file name is given, a randomly
generated file name is used off of the system's current timestamp and stored in
the directory where the code is executing from.
-outputfile

3) Whether to log the output to the console or not. Logging to console is the
default output for the validator and thus optional. This parameter can be used
in conjunction with logtofile to log to both the console and a file.
-logtoconsole

4) Whether to log the output to a file or not. Logging to a file output is not
on by default. A file name is optional. Please see file name documentation for
more details. Can be used in conjunction with logtoconsole to log to both the
console and to a file.
-logtofile

5) This forces the validator to format its error log for either printing or
saving in a file in a CSV-structured format. This is not the default format.
This parameter is optional.
-csvformat

6) This forces the validator to format its error log for either printing or
saving in a file in a log-based JSON-esque format. This is the default format.
This parameter is optional.
-logformat

EXECUTING
-----------------------

Assuming the project is extracted as a JAR file and executed on the command
line:

1) Validate a CSV file and print the output results to the console:
java -jar EMAValidator.jar -inputfile input_file.csv

2) Validate an XLSX file and print the output results to a time stamped file:
java -jar EMAValidator.jar -inputfile input_file.xlsx -logtofile

3) Validate a CSV file and print the output results to the console AND print
them to a file with your choice of file name:
java -jar EMAValidator.jar -inputfile input_file.csv -logtoconsole -logtofile
-outputfile "results.txt"

4) Validate an XLSX file and print the output results to the console formatted
as CSV:
java -jar EMAValidator.jar -inputfile input_file.xlsx -logtofile -csvformat

NOTE: CSV input and CSV output are not to be confused. CSV input files should be
files in EMA spec that are formatted as plain text. CSV output is strictly for
the error log. This helps when there are large amounts of errors and you'd like
to be able to sort them and rearrange them inside excel. Using CSV as the output
format will enable this.

WHERE TO GET THE CODE
-----------------------

Github:
https://github.com/playmoviespartner/emavalidator

UML Class Diagram (currently outdated):
https://repository.genmymodel.com/canavanatgoogledotcom/EMAValidator

LICENSING
-----------------------

Please see the LICENSE file attached as well as the individual licensing
information for each included third party library.

INSTALLATION
-----------------------

This code is shipped as-is. It can be compiled into an executable JAR file as
needed. There is no 'installation' to speak of. Only a fully-functioning
Java Runtime Environment is required and the resulting compiled JAR can be
executed from any directory on the user's local disk, assuming correct
permissions.
